Sex is mathematics. Individuality no longer an issue. What does intelligence signify? Define reason. Desire - meaningless. Intellect is not a cure. Justice is dead.
Just imagine how terrible it might have been if we’d been at all competent.
There are no stupid questions, but there are a LOT of inquisitive idiots
TEAMWORK: A few harmless flakes working together can unleash an avalanche of destruction.
“When you wish upon a falling star, your dreams can come true. Unless it's really a meteor hurtling to the Earth which will destroy all life. Then you're pretty much hosed no matter what you wish for. Unless it's death by meteorite.”
“Nothing says "you're a loser" more than owning a motivational poster about being a winner.”
“Accept that you're just a product, not a gift.”
“Teach every child you meet the importance of forgiveness. It's our only hope of surviving their wrath once they realize just how badly we've screwed things up for them.”
“The United States was a big country where everybody wore funny t-shirts and ate too much.”
“You have to make the good out of the bad because that is all you have got to make it out of.”
“CONSULTING: If you're not a part of the solution, there's good money to be made in prolonging the problem.”
“You can do anything you set your mind to when you have vision, determination, and an endless supply of expendable labor.”
“Happy people do not wake up for breakfast.”
“Life is a bitch. Not even the bitch that fucks everyone but you. She's the bitch with AIDS that doesn't want to fuck anyone but you.”
“Try & try until you cannot succeed.”
“Food for thought: Every dead body on Mount Everest was once a highly motivated person. Stay lazy my friends. It may save your life one day.”
“Life is only logical, and to think it's a gift is depressing.”
“Furthermore, having lost faith in himself, he thought it his duty to undermine the nation's faith in itself.”
“Although some people think women are inferior to men, I think it's a privilege to be a woman. There are so many fun things afforded to the female gender such as adornment of self, the freedom to communicate with gestures, and the freedom to express one's emotions.
When the going gets tough, the tough gets tougher. Sometimes, giving up is better than repeating the same mistake over and over again. Just admit it, you do not have the luck required to be successful. It is a dog eat dog world – be a loser!
The first step towards failure is trying.
Those who doubt your ability probably have a valid reason.
Dream is the only way for you to escape the miserable reality of your life.
The best things in life are actually really expensive.
If at first you don’t succeed. Give up and try something else.
Always believe that something wonderful will probably never happen.
Don’t cry because it’s over. Smile because if you don’t, everyone will ask you what’s wrong.
You can be replaced.
It probably will get worse.
You’re born, you work, you die.
Every corpse on mount Everest was once an extremely motivated person.
Don’t think yourself as an ugly person. Think yourself as a beautiful monkey.
Everything happens for a reasons. Sometimes the reason is that you’re stupid and make bad decisions.
Always remember you’re someone’s reason to smile because you’re a joke.
Don’t just talk about it. Think about it for ages and ages.
I can but I won’t.
Dream Big, Set Goals. Write goals on a nice paper and never look at them again.
The miracle is not that you finished. The miracle is that you got off your arse in the first place.
Will it be easy? Nope. Worth it? Absolutely not!
The longer you wait, the more comfortable you can make yourself.
Start where you are, use what you have. Do a bit and abandon completely.
The distance between dreams and reality is really far and impossible.
Step out of your comfort zone and then step back in immediately and appreciate how nice and comfy it is.
Sometimes you need to distance yourself from people. People who push you hard and make you do things.
Kids, you tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is, never try ...
You are a background character in a much more interesting person's story.
“I’ve developed a new philosophy. I only dread one day at a time.” - Charlie Brown
Embrace your dreams - they're the only way to tell sleep from death.
We're all going to die, and aside from the extremely rare chance that you'll do anything notable enough in your life, you will inevitably be forgotten, as life, the world, the universe, and everything is just a series of processes.
The worst day of your life so far
The early worm gets eaten.
The squeaky wheel gets replaced.
The second mouse gets the cheese.
Eagles may soar, but weasels never get sucked into jet engines.
The nail that sticks out gets hammered first.
Hope is the first step on the road to disappointment.
The beatings will continue until morale improves.
Just remember, you're unique. Just like everybody else.
Success is just failure that hasn't happened yet. 
The only thing all of your failures have in common is you.
"The only common factor in all your failed dreams and aspirations is you"
"While wise not to put all your eggs in one basket, mentally adjust for the very real possibility that you break the eggs yourself.
Not everyone can be an astronaut.
Anything that can go wrong, will go wrong
Work harder or get fired.
It's always darkest just before it goes pitch black.
Don't worry... nothing's going to be alright.
quitters never lose and cheaters always win
"You shouldn't care whether the glass is half full or half empty; you're going to have the same amount of water in it."
Don't do today something you can put off until tomorrow.
Life is disappointing and death inescapable.
hard work doesn't always matter.
Happiness is just sadness that hasn't happened yet.
Trying is the first step towards failure
In the grand scheme of the universe, your actions are worth jack
"In the long run, we're all dead"
"Not everything is a lesson. Sometimes you just fail."
Some people will be failures their entire lives
If at first you don't succeed, then try again. Then quit. No sense being a damn fool about it.
You're no one's first choice
It's never too late to give up!
When work feels overwhelming, remember that you're going to die.
Nobody's special.
If hard work only pays off, sheeps would've been sleeping on beds of gold
Challenging yourself...is a good way to fail.
Someone will always be better than you.
Eagles may soar but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines.
"The past makes you wanna die out of regret and future makes you depressed out of anxiety. So by elimination, the present is likely the happiest time."
Even at your best your mind is always drifting over pointless thoughts and tomorrow you'll hardly retain any of the great ideas you had today
Everyones an asshole and we're all gonna go to hell because of it.
That which doesn't kill you, makes you want to die.
You'll never remember your successes as much as you will your failures.
"The light at the end of the tunnel is probably just the train.
"Probably the most important thing is that when things get really bad and the world looks it's darkest you just have to throw up your hands and say 'well, all right' cuz its probably going to get a whole hell of a lot worse."
"Everybody lies."
Why do today what you could do tomorrow?
If at first you dont succeed, try something easier.
"Better a bad day at home, than a good day at work."
"If you never believe in anything, you'll never be disappointed."
Quitters never win and winners never quit, but those who never win and never quit are idiots.